---
layout: ../layouts/Page.astro

title: 'About'
heading: 'learn. create. grow. share.'
variant: 'tertiary'
---

I’ve been a software engineer since 2015, which includes what I call “super full
stack” development: everything from design and project management all the way to
backend. Mostly, though, I stick to what I really love, which is building on the
frontend. With an educational background in visual arts and the humanities, I am
very design- and product-oriented, which makes me great at bridging designs to
their production build and thinking through the full user experience.

After years of building web applications, then briefly trying my hand at
engineering management in 2022, I decided to strike out on my own and
established [Sparkbird Works](https://sparkbird.works), a studio where I can
continue to use these skills and others to provide freelance engineering,
consulting, and coaching services. In 2024, it was time to return to working on
a team full-time and I joined the brilliant and collaborative Design Systems
team at Gusto.

I’m a huge advocate for accessibility (a11y) and sustainability in design and
development, and these are the backbone of my work, whether in my studio or
working on a team. I am tenacious when it comes to navigating complex systems
and difficult problems and I love using this skill to help others do the same.

On most days, you can find me working from a little office studio in my backyard
in Richmond, CA, where I enjoy being distracted by the birds who stop by my
window and taking breaks to roller skate. I’m always creating things in many
mediums and learning new skills, whether that means building a website in a
programming language I don’t know yet or taking a woodworking class at the local
art center.

For a more detailed history of my work experience, please visit my
[LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anniepennell/).
